fix Python 2 conversion issue (#832)
cylc/cylc-uiserver: changes.d/832.fix.md

> Fix a traceback in Cylc Review which could occur on the "cycles" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a traceback in Cylc Review which could occur on the "task jobs" page.
```
